src/dummy-content/collections/posts/list-of-supported-cards.md, before:

---
title: Supported cards
created_at: 2018-09-23T22:55:09.020Z
tags:
  - Qards
  - Cards
  - Example
authors: Romeo Mihalcea
categories: Qards
meta:
  description: A list of all the supported widgets by Qards
  keywords: 'Qards, widgets, components, blog'
isPage: false
isFeatured: false
doFollowLinks: false
pinSidebar:
  enable: false
  categories: Qards
showAuthor: true
hero:
  alt: Qards - List of supported cards
  image: /images/uploads/eugenio-mazzone-190204-unsplash.jpg
excerpt: >-
  This page serves as a testing ground for qards and we use it to 
  showcase various features and also test it with cypress.
---
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IkNhcmQgSGVybyIsInN1YnRpdGxlIjoiV2VsbCwgeW91J3JlIGxvb2tpbmcgYXQgaXQuIEl0IGhhcyBhIHRpdGxlIGFuZCBzdWJ0aXRsZS4iLCJ0eXBlIjoicHJpbWFyeSJ9"}
The hero (name subject to change as I'm not sure it's the right one) is like a heading. It is being used to separate chapters and its title will be included in the Table of contents that follows every post.
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IkdhbGxlcmllcyIsInN1YnRpdGxlIjoiT25lIG9yIG11bHRpcGxlIGltYWdlcyB0aGF0IHdpbGwgYmUgaW5zZXJ0ZWQgYWNjb3JkaW5nbHkiLCJ0eXBlIjoicHJpbWFyeSJ9"}
{"widget":"qards-gallery","config":"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"}
A gallery can contain a single picture or multiple ones. When multiple images are linked, the gallery will create a slider for them. Each image will also open (when clicked) in a full page modal for preview (not currently supported).
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IkF1ZGlvIHBsYXlsaXN0Iiwic3VidGl0bGUiOiJBbiBhdWRpbyBwbGF5bGlzdCBjYW4gY29udGFpbiBvbmUgb3IgbXVsdGlwbGUgYXVkaW8gZmlsZXMiLCJ0eXBlIjoicHJpbWFyeSJ9"}
{"widget":"qards-audio","config":"eyJpdGVtcyI6W3sidGl0bGUiOiJMb3N0IiwidXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWl4Y2xvdWQuY29tL0JhemZhd2x0eS9sb3N0LyIsInN1YnRpdGxlIjoiRGVlcCB0ZWNobm8gIiwic3JjIjoiL2ltYWdlcy91cGxvYWRzLzI3ZjAtYjIwNS00YTE1LWI5OTUtYzE4Mjg3NzAzY2RhLmpwZyJ9XX0="}
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IlJldmVhbHMiLCJzdWJ0aXRsZSI6IkFjY29yZGlvbnMgb2YgY29sbGFwc2VkIGNvbnRlbnQiLCJ0eXBlIjoicHJpbWFyeSJ9"}
{"widget":"qards-reveal","config":"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"}
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IkNvZGUgYmxvY2tzIiwic3VidGl0bGUiOiJTZWN0aW9ucyBvZiBjb2RlIHRoYXQgeW91IHdhbnQgdG8gcHJlc2VudCIsInR5cGUiOiJwcmltYXJ5In0="}
{"widget":"qards-code","config":"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"}
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IlZpZGVvIGVtYmVkIiwic3VidGl0bGUiOiJTaW1wbGUgd2lkZ2V0IHRoYXQgc3VwcG9ydHMgYWxsIG1ham9yIHZpZGVvIHBsYXRmb3JtcyBhbmQgZW1iZWRzIGZyb20gdGhlaXIgc291cmNlIiwidHlwZSI6InByaW1hcnkifQ=="}
{"widget":"qards-video","config":"eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL3d3dy55b3V0dWJlLmNvbS93YXRjaD90aW1lX2NvbnRpbnVlPTMwMSZ2PUpwbFJTSnI4Sy1nIn0="}
A rare footage of a very young Mike Tyson sparring Jimmy Clark in 1983
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IkNhbGxvdXRzIiwic3VidGl0bGUiOiJDYWxsb3V0cyB2aXN1YWxseSBoaWdobGlnaHQgaW1wb3J0YW50IGNvbnRlbnQgZm9yIHRoZSB1c2VyLiBUaGV5IGNhbiBjb250YWluIGEgdGl0bGUsIGFuIGljb24gYW5kIGEgbWVzc2FnZS4iLCJ0eXBlIjoicHJpbWFyeSJ9"}
{"widget":"qards-callout","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IlN1Y2Nlc3MiLCJpbnRlbnQiOiJzdWNjZXNzIiwibWVzc2FnZSI6IlRoZSBnZW5lcmFsIHBvcHVsYXRpb24gZG9lc24ndCBrbm93IHdoYXRzIGhhcHBlbmluZyBhbmQgKippdCBkb2Vzbid0IGV2ZW4ga25vdyoqIHRoYXQgaXQgZG9lc24ndCBrbm93In0="}
{"widget":"qards-callout","config":"eyJpbnRlbnQiOiJwcmltYXJ5IiwibWVzc2FnZSI6IlRoZSBnZW5lcmFsIHBvcHVsYXRpb24gZG9lc24ndCBrbm93IHdoYXRzIGhhcHBlbmluZyBhbmQgKippdCBkb2Vzbid0IGV2ZW4ga25vdyoqIHRoYXQgaXQgZG9lc24ndCBrbm93IiwidGl0bGUiOiJJbmZvIn0="}
{"widget":"qards-callout","config":"eyJtZXNzYWdlIjoiVGhlIGdlbmVyYWwgcG9wdWxhdGlvbiBkb2Vzbid0IGtub3cgd2hhdHMgaGFwcGVuaW5nIGFuZCAqKml0IGRvZXNuJ3QgZXZlbiBrbm93KiogdGhhdCBpdCBkb2Vzbid0IGtub3ciLCJ0aXRsZSI6Ildhcm5pbmciLCJpbnRlbnQiOiJ3YXJuaW5nIn0="}
{"widget":"qards-callout","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IkRhbmdlciIsImludGVudCI6ImRhbmdlciIsIm1lc3NhZ2UiOiJUaGUgZ2VuZXJhbCBwb3B1bGF0aW9uIGRvZXNuJ3Qga25vdyB3aGF0cyBoYXBwZW5pbmcgYW5kICoqaXQgZG9lc24ndCBldmVuIGtub3cqKiB0aGF0IGl0IGRvZXNuJ3Qga25vdyJ9"}
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IkNvdW50ZG93biIsInN1YnRpdGxlIjoiVGltZXpvbmUgYXdhcmUgY291bnRkb3ducyB0byBldmVudHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoicHJpbWFyeSJ9"}
Sometimes you want to inform your users of certain events. Dealing with dates, events and timezones has always been a struggle. This widget renders a countdown to a specified date and it shows the remaining time and event date in the user's timezone which is detected by the browser. Everything is clear and confusion-free.
{"widget":"qards-divider","config":"eyJ0eXBlIjoiYnVsbGV0cyJ9"}
{"widget":"qards-countdown","config":"eyJldmVudCI6IjIwMjUtMTAtMDRUMTQ6MDA6MDAuMDAwWiIsInRpdGxlIjoiVGltZSB1bnRpbCByb2JvdHMgdGFrZSBvdmVyIHRoZSB3b3JsZCIsInN1YnRpdGxlIjoiVGhlIHNpbmd1bGFyaXR5IGlzIG5lYXIifQ=="}
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IlJlZmVyZW5jZSIsInN1YnRpdGxlIjoiUmVmZXJlbmNlIGFub3RoZXIgcG9zdCB3aXRoaW4gYSBjYXJkIiwgInR5cGUiOiJwcmltYXJ5In0="}

Using references you can link to other posts. A card is automatically created with the post title, excerpt and post cover (if exists). The card is meant to refer to other posts and keep your readers engaged.
{"widget":"qards-reference","config":"eyJyZWZlcmVuY2UiOiJTdXBwb3J0ZWQgY2FyZHMifQ=="}

{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IlNpbXBsZSBpbWFnZSIsInN1YnRpdGxlIjoiQW4gaW1hZ2UgdGhhdCBzdXBwb3J0cyB2YXJpb3VzIHNldHRpbmdzOiBsYXlvdXQsIGFsdCB0ZXh0LCBsaWdodGJveCIsICJ0eXBlIjoicHJpbWFyeSJ9"}
{"widget":"image","config":"eyJzcmMiOiIvaW1hZ2VzL3VwbG9hZHMvbWlrZS1kb3JuZXItMTczNTAyLXVuc3BsYXNoLmpwZyIsImFsdCI6IkhvdyBjYW4geW91IHN0YXJ0IGEgYmxvZyBmcmVlIiwibGlnaHRib3giOnRydWUsImNhcHRpb24iOiJIb3cgY2FuIHlvdSBzdGFydCBhIGJsb2cgZnJlZSJ9"}

> Quote test: These data indicate that low serum testosterone levels are associated with an adverse metabolic profile and suggest a novel unifying mechanism for the previously independent observations that low testosterone levels and impaired mitochondrial function promote insulin resistance in men.

{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IlRlc3RpbmcgbWF0ZXJpYWwiLCJzdWJ0aXRsZSI6IlRlc3Rpbmcgc25pcHBldHMgZm9yIGludGVybmFsIHVzZSIsInR5cGUiOiJwcmltYXJ5In0="}

These snippets serve as a testing ground for qards. :nerd:. This is an [external link](https://typely.com); the HTML should have `nofollow`, `noopener`, `noreferrer` and open the link in a `_blank` page.

Commit message:

external links management via plugin

src/dummy-content/collections/posts/list-of-supported-cards.md, after:

---
title: Supported cards
created_at: 2018-09-23T22:55:09.020Z
tags:
  - Qards
  - Cards
  - Example
authors: Romeo Mihalcea
categories: Qards
meta:
  description: A list of all the supported widgets by Qards
  keywords: 'Qards, widgets, components, blog'
isPage: false
isFeatured: false
doFollowLinks: true
pinSidebar:
  enable: false
  categories: Qards
showAuthor: true
hero:
  alt: Qards - List of supported cards
  image: /images/uploads/eugenio-mazzone-190204-unsplash.jpg
excerpt: >-
  This page serves as a testing ground for qards and we use it to 
  showcase various features and also test it with cypress.
---
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IkNhcmQgSGVybyIsInN1YnRpdGxlIjoiV2VsbCwgeW91J3JlIGxvb2tpbmcgYXQgaXQuIEl0IGhhcyBhIHRpdGxlIGFuZCBzdWJ0aXRsZS4iLCJ0eXBlIjoicHJpbWFyeSJ9"}
The hero (name subject to change as I'm not sure it's the right one) is like a heading. It is being used to separate chapters and its title will be included in the Table of contents that follows every post.
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IkdhbGxlcmllcyIsInN1YnRpdGxlIjoiT25lIG9yIG11bHRpcGxlIGltYWdlcyB0aGF0IHdpbGwgYmUgaW5zZXJ0ZWQgYWNjb3JkaW5nbHkiLCJ0eXBlIjoicHJpbWFyeSJ9"}
{"widget":"qards-gallery","config":"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"}
A gallery can contain a single picture or multiple ones. When multiple images are linked, the gallery will create a slider for them. Each image will also open (when clicked) in a full page modal for preview (not currently supported).
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IkF1ZGlvIHBsYXlsaXN0Iiwic3VidGl0bGUiOiJBbiBhdWRpbyBwbGF5bGlzdCBjYW4gY29udGFpbiBvbmUgb3IgbXVsdGlwbGUgYXVkaW8gZmlsZXMiLCJ0eXBlIjoicHJpbWFyeSJ9"}
{"widget":"qards-audio","config":"eyJpdGVtcyI6W3sidGl0bGUiOiJMb3N0IiwidXJsIjoiaHR0cHM6Ly93d3cubWl4Y2xvdWQuY29tL0JhemZhd2x0eS9sb3N0LyIsInN1YnRpdGxlIjoiRGVlcCB0ZWNobm8gIiwic3JjIjoiL2ltYWdlcy91cGxvYWRzLzI3ZjAtYjIwNS00YTE1LWI5OTUtYzE4Mjg3NzAzY2RhLmpwZyJ9XX0="}
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IlJldmVhbHMiLCJzdWJ0aXRsZSI6IkFjY29yZGlvbnMgb2YgY29sbGFwc2VkIGNvbnRlbnQiLCJ0eXBlIjoicHJpbWFyeSJ9"}
{"widget":"qards-reveal","config":"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"}
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IkNvZGUgYmxvY2tzIiwic3VidGl0bGUiOiJTZWN0aW9ucyBvZiBjb2RlIHRoYXQgeW91IHdhbnQgdG8gcHJlc2VudCIsInR5cGUiOiJwcmltYXJ5In0="}
{"widget":"qards-code","config":"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"}
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IlZpZGVvIGVtYmVkIiwic3VidGl0bGUiOiJTaW1wbGUgd2lkZ2V0IHRoYXQgc3VwcG9ydHMgYWxsIG1ham9yIHZpZGVvIHBsYXRmb3JtcyBhbmQgZW1iZWRzIGZyb20gdGhlaXIgc291cmNlIiwidHlwZSI6InByaW1hcnkifQ=="}
{"widget":"qards-video","config":"eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL3d3dy55b3V0dWJlLmNvbS93YXRjaD90aW1lX2NvbnRpbnVlPTMwMSZ2PUpwbFJTSnI4Sy1nIn0="}
A rare footage of a very young Mike Tyson sparring Jimmy Clark in 1983
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IkNhbGxvdXRzIiwic3VidGl0bGUiOiJDYWxsb3V0cyB2aXN1YWxseSBoaWdobGlnaHQgaW1wb3J0YW50IGNvbnRlbnQgZm9yIHRoZSB1c2VyLiBUaGV5IGNhbiBjb250YWluIGEgdGl0bGUsIGFuIGljb24gYW5kIGEgbWVzc2FnZS4iLCJ0eXBlIjoicHJpbWFyeSJ9"}
{"widget":"qards-callout","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IlN1Y2Nlc3MiLCJpbnRlbnQiOiJzdWNjZXNzIiwibWVzc2FnZSI6IlRoZSBnZW5lcmFsIHBvcHVsYXRpb24gZG9lc24ndCBrbm93IHdoYXRzIGhhcHBlbmluZyBhbmQgKippdCBkb2Vzbid0IGV2ZW4ga25vdyoqIHRoYXQgaXQgZG9lc24ndCBrbm93In0="}
{"widget":"qards-callout","config":"eyJpbnRlbnQiOiJwcmltYXJ5IiwibWVzc2FnZSI6IlRoZSBnZW5lcmFsIHBvcHVsYXRpb24gZG9lc24ndCBrbm93IHdoYXRzIGhhcHBlbmluZyBhbmQgKippdCBkb2Vzbid0IGV2ZW4ga25vdyoqIHRoYXQgaXQgZG9lc24ndCBrbm93IiwidGl0bGUiOiJJbmZvIn0="}
{"widget":"qards-callout","config":"eyJtZXNzYWdlIjoiVGhlIGdlbmVyYWwgcG9wdWxhdGlvbiBkb2Vzbid0IGtub3cgd2hhdHMgaGFwcGVuaW5nIGFuZCAqKml0IGRvZXNuJ3QgZXZlbiBrbm93KiogdGhhdCBpdCBkb2Vzbid0IGtub3ciLCJ0aXRsZSI6Ildhcm5pbmciLCJpbnRlbnQiOiJ3YXJuaW5nIn0="}
{"widget":"qards-callout","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IkRhbmdlciIsImludGVudCI6ImRhbmdlciIsIm1lc3NhZ2UiOiJUaGUgZ2VuZXJhbCBwb3B1bGF0aW9uIGRvZXNuJ3Qga25vdyB3aGF0cyBoYXBwZW5pbmcgYW5kICoqaXQgZG9lc24ndCBldmVuIGtub3cqKiB0aGF0IGl0IGRvZXNuJ3Qga25vdyJ9"}
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IkNvdW50ZG93biIsInN1YnRpdGxlIjoiVGltZXpvbmUgYXdhcmUgY291bnRkb3ducyB0byBldmVudHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoicHJpbWFyeSJ9"}
Sometimes you want to inform your users of certain events. Dealing with dates, events and timezones has always been a struggle. This widget renders a countdown to a specified date and it shows the remaining time and event date in the user's timezone which is detected by the browser. Everything is clear and confusion-free.
{"widget":"qards-divider","config":"eyJ0eXBlIjoiYnVsbGV0cyJ9"}
{"widget":"qards-countdown","config":"eyJldmVudCI6IjIwMjUtMTAtMDRUMTQ6MDA6MDAuMDAwWiIsInRpdGxlIjoiVGltZSB1bnRpbCByb2JvdHMgdGFrZSBvdmVyIHRoZSB3b3JsZCIsInN1YnRpdGxlIjoiVGhlIHNpbmd1bGFyaXR5IGlzIG5lYXIifQ=="}
{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IlJlZmVyZW5jZSIsInN1YnRpdGxlIjoiUmVmZXJlbmNlIGFub3RoZXIgcG9zdCB3aXRoaW4gYSBjYXJkIiwgInR5cGUiOiJwcmltYXJ5In0="}

Using references you can link to other posts. A card is automatically created with the post title, excerpt and post cover (if exists). The card is meant to refer to other posts and keep your readers engaged.
{"widget":"qards-reference","config":"eyJyZWZlcmVuY2UiOiJTdXBwb3J0ZWQgY2FyZHMifQ=="}

{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IlNpbXBsZSBpbWFnZSIsInN1YnRpdGxlIjoiQW4gaW1hZ2UgdGhhdCBzdXBwb3J0cyB2YXJpb3VzIHNldHRpbmdzOiBsYXlvdXQsIGFsdCB0ZXh0LCBsaWdodGJveCIsICJ0eXBlIjoicHJpbWFyeSJ9"}
{"widget":"image","config":"eyJzcmMiOiIvaW1hZ2VzL3VwbG9hZHMvbWlrZS1kb3JuZXItMTczNTAyLXVuc3BsYXNoLmpwZyIsImFsdCI6IkhvdyBjYW4geW91IHN0YXJ0IGEgYmxvZyBmcmVlIiwibGlnaHRib3giOnRydWUsImNhcHRpb24iOiJIb3cgY2FuIHlvdSBzdGFydCBhIGJsb2cgZnJlZSJ9"}

> Quote test: These data indicate that low serum testosterone levels are associated with an adverse metabolic profile and suggest a novel unifying mechanism for the previously independent observations that low testosterone levels and impaired mitochondrial function promote insulin resistance in men.

{"widget":"qards-section-heading","config":"eyJ0aXRsZSI6IlRlc3RpbmcgbWF0ZXJpYWwiLCJzdWJ0aXRsZSI6IlRlc3Rpbmcgc25pcHBldHMgZm9yIGludGVybmFsIHVzZSIsInR5cGUiOiJwcmltYXJ5In0="}

These snippets serve as a testing ground for qards. This is an towards a popular [proofreading app](https://typely.com) that I developed :nerd:; the HTML should have `noopener`, `noreferrer` while skipping `nofollow` because the domain is whitelisted. Also, the link should open in a `_blank` page.
